OpenID Connect 1.0 & OAuth 2.0 exeample (#7970)
centreon/centreon: doc/en/administration_guide/sso.rst

SSO feature has only to be enabled in a secured and dedicated environment for SSO.
Direct access to Centreon UI from users have to be disabled.

OpenID Connect 1.0 & OAuth 2.0
==============================

> To use these protocoles, the following Apaches modules need to be installed and activated :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use those protocols, the following Apaches modules need to be installed and activated :
```

* mod_auth_openidc : https://github.com/zmartzone/mod_auth_openidc
* mod_oauth2 : https://github.com/zmartzone/mod_oauth2

> Configuration examples are available in the documentation https://github.com/zmartzone/mod_auth_openidc/wiki, they have to be apply on you Centreon web Vhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration examples are available in the documentation https://github.com/zmartzone/mod_auth_openidc/wiki, they have to be applied on you Centreon web Vhost.
```
